---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10"
date:   2018-04-01 14:07:53 -0600
categories: update
author: Luke Wright
---
## What did you do this past week?

This week was a very good week in my opinion. I got a ton done at work, with a lot of it being consumed by dealing with creating some custom HTML email templates for a client. If you can avoid dealing with email development you should, it's very limited and almost all of the CSS is inline so it's a mess. Our group has gotten started on the requirements for the next project and has a decent idea of what we need to do to get it done on time. I got a lot of water skiing done with the more favorable weather starting, although the rains limited that some. I'm staying on top of my other courses, and this week was a nice gap where no major projects or exams happened although that's changing starting this week. I was also informed that I'll be receiving a pretty good raise very soon at work so that has put me in a great mood this weekend.

Last weekend I competed in our first ski tournament of 2018 in Conroe. I had a great time, set two personal records, and caught up with a lot of friends on other teams in our region. It was also encouraging seeing some of our new members get to ski!

## What's in your way?

I've been struggling to get back in the flow of things following spring break more than I expected to. I totally forgot to do the blog for this class last week and just haven't felt the same kind of flow with regards to getting things done for my various courses as I did prior to spring break. Starting in the second half of this week though things have started to feel more normal.

## What will you do next week?

* Make sure I pull my weight to help complete the next phase of our IDB project
* Study for and do well on my chemistry exam
* Stay on top of other course work
* Prepare for our second tournament in a couple of weeks

## What's my experience of the class?

I enjoyed class this week. I've worked with SQL directly some in the past but it was good to see things in a little more organized fashion - much of my prior experience has been working with ORMs or directly with SQL at various jobs and thus been mostly focussed on solving a specific problem as opposed to getting a better understanding of SQL. As I said previously, I completely forgot to do the blog for last week and am a bit embarassed about that.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

Following the recent controversy around Facebook, Mozilla released an [add-on](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/facebook-container/) to "quarantine" facebook. Mozilla's containers are an interesting idea in general and work to protect user privacy online.
