---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2"
date:   2018-01-21 14:07:53 -0600
categories: update
author: Luke Wright
---
## What did you do this past week?

This week I got started on our first project, Collatz. I got the tooling set up and began by doing a simple solution to the problem. I still need to optimize and finish up meeting all the requirements of the project before it's done Thursday. I'm hoping to get it all done by Tuesday so I can focus on some other course work later this week. I also did the project readings for the week and typed up my notes from lecture this week. I think I've found the group I'm likely to work with on the latter projects and I've received all my books from Amazon, so I had to make up some of the readings from the first week.

## What's in your way?

Mostly commitments with other classes, work, and my team. Nothing that can be done about those other than getting the work done in a timely manner. I was familiar with python and the tools used on this project so nothing took me by too much surprise.

## What will you do next week?

I'm hoping to finish up Collatz by end of night Tuesday. Other things that will be keeping me busy this week are putting some finishing work into a new website for the agency I work at, taking care of a lot of work for the water ski team as we enter our spring schedule, staying ahead in my classes, taxes (yay), and some volunteer web dev I do.

## What's my experience of the class?

Really enjoying the class so far. It's been tricky to get to class on time as I have a class immediately preceding it that regularly lets out a few minutes late. I'm excited to be getting into the coding portion of the class and getting our hands dirty. I liked the brief pair programming assignment we did in class on hackerrank.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

For all my notes in classes that allow me to use a laptop this semester I've been using the mac app [Bear](http://www.bear-writer.com/). I really like it. It's markdown based, has a cool tagging system, syncs with my phone, and lets me export my notes in a number of formats. I wish it had some kind of vim keybinding but that's not really necessary for taking notes in class. I've been trying to regularly export my notes out of it so they're available on github, but also wish I could automate that process.
