---
layout: post
title:  "Week 12"
date:   2018-04-15 14:07:53 -0600
categories: update
author: Luke Wright
---
## What did you do this past week?

This was another busy busy week. I had a linear algebra exam and really wasn't prepared at the start of the week. I spent a lot of time and a few late nights getting prepared and think I did pretty well! This weekend we had a tournament for water ski in Louisiana. I missed my classes on Friday for the drive out which is unfortunate. I feel like I'm going to have a lot of reviewing to do for the exam in this class as it the SQL and whatnot I am less familiar with than the topics on the first exam. I didn't perform as well as I'd hoped and sustained a minor knee injury but I had a really good time. Work is continuing to go well and I'm excited to be starting my internship in the near future. A former coworker and I are going to see the Book of Mormon next week and I'm probably going in for a lunch at Spredfast to say hi to everyone before I start.

## What's in your way?

I need to get a bit done on our group's final leg of the project this week and it's looking like it might be a kind of busy week. A silver lining of the injury is I probably will be out of the gym and off the water for the first half of the week so that should free up some time to work on it.

## What will you do next week?

* Get our final leg of the project done
* Catch up on school and work from being out for the weekend
* Deal with preparing for the end of the semester and my summer plans
* Finalize my schedule for next semester


## What's my experience of the class?

I feel like I wasn't as engaged as I should have been in class this week due to being stressed about my exam Thursday. I'm going to do my best to recover this coming week and stay on top of it going forward.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

Wholly unrelated to tech or this class but the [RICE](https://www.webmd.com/first-aid/tc/rest-ice-compression-and-elevation-rice-topic-overview) (Rest Ice Compression and Elevation) method for injury treatment is really important and I'm often surprised at how many people don't know basic first aid for injuries. Also treating pain really helps recovery go better in my experience.
