---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1"
date:   2018-01-21 14:07:53 -0600
categories: update
author: Luke Wright
---
## What are your expectations of the class? (special question, first time only)
I’m excited for this course. I’m aware that there is a large amount of work involved in the projects and that they require a lot of learning new tools. I'm excited to learn the technology used in the class. I've used some of it including many of the Python libraries in the past and enjoyed them a lot. The tools I haven't used are all very relevant to the type of work I enjoy doing and prominent in industry. It's nice to learn things that will have direct value. I plan on going into software engineering, particularly on the web, and so there’s a huge amount of carryover from this course into future work I plan to do. I’m hoping that beyond getting help in the lab sessions it will also be an opportunity to meet other people in the class.
## What did you do this past week?
* I set up my blog tooling and deployed it on GitHub.
* I began talking with potential group members for the projects.
* I read through the course website and added the relevant dates to my calendar so I won’t be surprised by any assignments or deadlines.
* I bought the needed books on Amazon.
* I got started with the readings for next week.
* I typed up my hand-written [notes](https://github.com/simplyluke/notes) from class so they’re easier for me to reference.
## What's in your way?
Nothing beyond waiting for books from Amazon to show up.
## What will you do next week?
I'll take delivery of my books, continue planning groups, and attend lecture and take good notes. I also want to get started playing with some of the technology used in the projects.
## What's my experience of the class?
So far I’m enjoying the class and I’m excited. I like the format of the class and Downing’s system of calling on everyone in a rotating fashion. An issue in many CS lectures is the disparity in willingness to engage in lectures. It’s a reasonable solution to balancing the issue.
I share many’s fear of being called on when I don’t know the answer but Downing does a good job of making it a non-judgmental dynamic. I hope I’d be comfortable stating I don’t know the answer or asking a clarifying question. Curious about what next week will look like and when we’re going to start diving in.
## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I’m interested in technologies that increase privacy and security for users. I’ve been interested in [Monero](https://getmonero.org/) for several months now. This week I read some about [Kovri](https://getkovri.org/) which is a decentralized technology developed by the same team that’s similar to Tor and I2P in how it protects users's internet traffic.
