---
layout: post
title:  "Week 6"
date:   2018-02-25 14:07:53 -0600
categories: update
author: Luke Wright
---
## What did you do this past week?

This week was a mixed bag. I was able to get a lot done at work and in some of my other courses but our group didn't make much progress on part two. We're meeting tomorrow to make a more detailed game plan of how we're going to attack the remainder. I've really been starting to enjoy my programming languages class, but I struggle to remain focussed in a lot of the lectures. I did not attend the career fair last week as I've got my internship for this upcoming summer. I got caught up on the readings, as I hadn't finished some of the database design readings from last week's assigned readings. I also started to review some for our upcoming exam.

This weekend I attended our region's winter conference for the Water Ski team. It was great seeing my friends from other schools in the region and we were able to discuss a lot of important rule changes and other things relevant to the officers of each team. I've agreed to work on putting together a basic region website so some of the information can be accessed a bit easier than people having to text our regional chair.

Last week I talked about getting some house plants and so far I've managed to keep them alive.

## What's in your way?

Just coordinating several busy people's schedules, but I think we've found a good time for our meeting and from there we're normally able to collaborate well via Slack.

## What will you do next week?

* Study hard for the exam
* Do better at avoiding distractions in lectures by using tools such as SelfControl
* Work on re-teaching my dog fetch
* Make a plan and get ahead on pt 2
* Read more in my free time

## What's my experience of the class?

I liked this week in class and the exercises we did around iterators, although I found a lot of the JS approaches kind of odd. I'm really glad that we have access to the old exercises as that is how I mostly plan on preparing for the exam. I'm a bit nervous about the exam just because I haven't taken one in the format ours will be in before and it's worth a lot of the grade in the class. I'm excited about the Atlassian talk tomorrow although I'm still not 100% sure if I can make it.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

[The Mozilla Developer Network](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/) is probably some of the best documentation of web technologies (HTML/CSS/JS) on the web and has been my go-to for looking up how to use certain features for years. It's very readable and there are almost always good code samples to accompany the documentation. 
