---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4"
date:   2018-02-11 14:07:53 -0600
categories: update
author: Luke Wright
---
## What did you do this past week?

This week I took my two midterms in Linear Algebra and Chemistry. They went relatively well, though I'm still waiting on a grade back for linear.

We formed our group after the confusion about the 5 or 6 person groups and finalized our project proposal. We've begun implementing both the frontend and backend of the application and are making good progress to finish comfortably by Thursday. I'm excited to see how our project turns out.

I made some good progress on an internal project at work as well this week and plan to continue that momentum this week.

## What's in your way?

Nothing major at the moment, just need to continue progressing and figure out exact responsibilities on some of the remaining items.

## What will you do next week?

* Document our API
* Continue momentum on our project as a whole
* Continue momentum at work
* Get ahead in other courses
* Read plenty

## What's my experience of the class?

This week was pretty stressful with the issues around group sizes, however I was very pleased with the end solution to just take the remaining group and dissolve it into making groups of 5 groups of 6. I'm glad I'm able to work with the group that we had planned on. Our first meeting as a team was successful and I think we'll work well together. We have a broad background that covers many of the necessary skills in this class and everyone seems eager to learn things we don't know and make a successful project.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

An app I've been using for a bit now is [RescueTime](https://www.rescuetime.com/dashboard). It tracks the apps you use and websites you visit on your computer and breaks down the time by productivity and categories of applications. It can be pretty brutal to show just how much time you waste in a given day, but has helped provide me with motivation to reduce my time on social media and whatnot and zero in on being effective and making the most of my day. I'm trying to bring my productive average on the app for this week to over 85%.

I'm going to use it in conjunction with [SelfControl](https://selfcontrolapp.com/) to block distracting sites during times I need to be productive. One minor issue I've had with the app in the past though is if I'm doing development work that requires integrating with social networks I can back myself into a corner where I've blocked my own access to Facebook or Twitter for several hours, so now I try to use it in 30 minute blocks.
