---
layout: post
title:  "Week 5"
date:   2018-02-18 14:07:53 -0600
categories: update
author: Luke Wright
---
## What did you do this past week?

This week we finished the first part of our IDB project. I thought it went really well! Our group has a lot of very talented people in it and I think we're going to be very effective the rest of this semester. I'm excited to see how the next part of the project goes and get further into some of the tools we're using for this class such as react and flask.

I also water skied a ton, it's finally starting to warm up a bit so being in the water isn't pure torture anymore, although a wet suit is definitely still needed. I made a lot of progress this week which felt good.

## What's in your way?

The biggest road bump for me in our project was actually finding things to contribute at a few points. I felt like other people contributed more than I did on this portion because I didn't have time at the start of the project as much as I did towards the end. I was still able to contribute a good bit though.

## What will you do next week?

* Get ahead on pt 2
* Take good notes in my classes
* Not miss any work outs
* Do a couple of extra hours at work this week

## What's my experience of the class?

This week in class was a bit less interesting personally as I was familiar with a lot of the concepts we covered during lecture. However, I still picked up some interesting behaviors of python and why they work the way they day. I'm also in Programming Languages this semester and seeing the crossover into this class is very interesting.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

This one's pretty boring - but adding a couple of house plants to the area I work and study in has made me like the space a lot more. Let's see if I can keep them alive for longer than a month!
