---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3"
date:   2018-02-04 14:07:53 -0600
categories: update
author: Luke Wright
---
## What did you do this past week?

This week I finished up our Collatz project on Tuesday and submitted the project. I was very happy with the speed with which I was able to complete the project. In total it only took about 7 hours with the bulk of the time being spent handling the testing, documentation, and ensuring I was meeting the exact requirements of the project. I also typed up my notes and caught up on the class readings.  

Outside of this course I had a mediocre week in terms of getting things done. I got behind on sleep which compounded into several other issues that resulted in pretty poor productivity across the board. I was able to get a fair bit done at work but not as much as I'd hoped to this week and barely finished required course work, spending no time getting ahead on studying for midterms this coming week.

This weekend I helped [our team](http://texaswaterski.org) run our new member lake day Saturday. I spent the morning driving and meeting new members. It was a very very cold spring day so I had a lot of respect for the people trying out water skiing for the first time. Fortunately we had lots of people come out and try, unfortunately it meant I didn't get to ski any this weekend. This coming week looks a lot better though, I'm excited for the warm months to be starting.

## What's in your way?

Our group as we planned it out several weeks back is 6 people. Unfortunately it looks like we may not be able to register as a group of 6 at least for a bit - meaning I'm not in a group on Canvas. We're going to talk to Prof. Downing about it tomorrow but I am concerned it's going to result in us having to restructure the group and mean we have to scramble to build two teams of 5.

## What will you do next week?

I have two midterms this week so those courses (Chemistry, Linear Algebra) will take priority this week.

* Study for and do well on my exams
* Get our group issue resolved and begin work on the project
* Continue making progress on the project I'm working on at work
* Sell my old water ski and headphones
* File my taxes

## What's my experience of the class?

I'm continuing to enjoy the class. I was happy to finish up my work for class early this week and free up my schedule for the remainder of the week. I'd like to go to some office hours to get to know the teaching staff better in the coming weeks.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

I made a piazza post about this that I'm going to copy here.

A tool I've used for a while that makes managing dependencies with pip and different versions of python super easy is virtualenv. This prevents issues around incompatible versions of python and libraries.

It's pretty easy to use once it's installed.

Create your env specifying python3 (I do this one directory above my git repo so I don't have to deal with ignoring the virtualenv files):

```
$ virtualenv -p python3 venv
```

And then when you start your terminal to issue commands involving your project you need to start virtualenv

```
$ source venv/bin/activate
```

A bonus is you'll no longer need to type python3, it will just default to using python3 when you type python
